**Monday** As a developer, I want a user friendly site that will allow users to vote. I want the images on the site to be aligned side by side. I want a clear button that is easily visible when the time is right and disappears while the users are voting, but shows up when they are done; this button is supposed to give the user the option to view the results of their votes. I want another button that will give users the option to vote again for several more clicks. I want the app to contain a total of 10 images, but this could be changed later. I want the images to be drawn randomly and three at a time.  As a user, I want a site that will let customers vote for pictures that they like. I want buttons that are easily readable and visible so that the customers can easily navigate the page. I want to allow it so that the customers can refresh their browsers but still have the results saved locally.  

**Tuesday** As a developer, I want to create a clearly readable histogram using canvas. I want to make it so that the data can be easily interpreted and I want a New Round button that will allow for users to vote again and reset the app state so that the user will have the same experience in the next voting round.  As a developer, I want a ‘8 more votes’ options so that customers can continue voting without starting a new round, but at the end of 8 votes, I want the user to see the New Round button so that they have the option to do that only after the end of their 8 votes.  As a user, I want all the votes plotted on a histogram so that I can easily see which images received more votes so that I can better market certain images / products. 
